#### 1. In the first paragraph of the mainpage, what is the most effective sentence with respect to orienting the reader to the project?
"This project demonstrates a robot simulation game in an arena in which mobile and immobile entites move around and interact with each other to reach the end result of "winning" the game."
Because it gives a very simple overview of the whole project to anyone programmer or non-programmer alike.
#### 2. Identify a sentence in the first paragraph that needs to be reworked and state what you think is problematic about that sentence. (Do not edit it.)
"UML, short for Unified Modeling Language, is a method to visually display the relationships between different classes in a project. It helps organize the flow of the project and helps explain how classes are related to each other and in what form"
This sentence is helpful in explaining UML diagrams, but it does nothing in context with the project.
#### 3. dentify a sentence or two in any of the paragraphs that provides the "big picture" with respect to the software, design, or class structure, AND is accompanied by low-level details that help the reader better understand the "big picture."
"The implementation of the robot simulator involves the use of several classes. The main class contains the intitialization of most of the entities that are present in the arena. There are about 41 classes in this project, including structs that are used to represent parameters of entities. Along with the main class, there are a few other classes of note that mainly describe how the simulation functions"
This sentence basically gives you an overview of the whole project on the software development side. Breaking down the amount of classes you will be dealing with and which classes are most valuable to you as you proceed.
#### 4. Comment on the effectiveness of this technique in the example from (3). If it is effective, analyze why you think it works here. If you think there are other details that would be more elucidating, state those.
I believe this is effective because it lets the programmer know what they are getting into, and as much as it seems overwhelming from that first sentence. It gives you a starting point as the arena and main class so you can better understand the code.
#### 5. Identify a topic in the writing that is either underspecified or is discussed too in-depth. If underspecified, what is the most important idea that is missing? If too in-depth, what can be removed?
The UML diagram, it can be explained in a very short sentence at the end of the introduction but should not be the first thing people read about when they get yo your mainpage.
#### 6. What do you think would be the single most impactful change to this document - in other words, what would you recommend to the author as the one area on which to focus? It could be related to the content (e.g. level of detail, more or less technical information, highlight more or fewer classes, etc.) or to the writing (e.g. reorganize paragraph or sentence order, condense text, improve sentence structure, etc.).
I would reorder the mainpage by making the overview of the software the introduction and moving up the important classes as the next most important paragraph. Then at the bottom i would explain the UML diagram but not in this much detail.
#### 7. As a programmer new to this project, which class do you think the document is emphasizing as the place to begin to engage the code? This might be explicit or implicit. What part of the writing made you think you should start with that class?
The main class and the graphics_arena_viewer. Because in the important classes functions they are the first two classes mentioned upfront. The arena class is also mentioned but as a new programmer to the code, I would not be able to point that out right away. The main class is mentioned as they place of intitialization for a all the entities, and graphics_arena_viewer is mentioned to draw all the entities. 
#### 8. What do you consider to be the best and worst documented method in that class and why. OR, if you think they are all of equal quality, comment on the level of detail provided in the documentation. Is it sufficient, clear, and correct? If it is excellent, state what makes it excellent.
I believe all the classes are documented in equal quality. All functions are listed out and the member function documentation is very clear and concise. The detailed description is also short but it gives you the basic overview of that class in a very sufficient matter. I truly believe it is excellent how her documentation is laid out.  
#### 9. Skim through all the brief comments on the main classes page. What strikes you as you look at the collection? Is there an effective pattern in the comments? Is there something consistently lacking?
They are all very similar in length and how the sentences are structures. Nothing seems to be lacking.
#### 10. Where did your eye go? What jumps out at you on the page? Is this an important element, thus warrants the attention? If not, offer a suggestion on how to make it less visually prominent.
ArenaMobileEntity and Arena are the first two places that caught my eye. They are both very important elements but i believe ArenaMobileEntity doesnt warrant as much attention as Arena, which clearly makes sense since almost everything must go through it. One suggestion is used more angled lines rather than straight to the class, The main reason was SuperBot association with ArenaMobileEntity crosses over both Arena and ArenaEntity very slightly which caught my eye at first.
#### 11. What did the author do in her/his UML diagram that you would like to incorporate into your UML? Why do you like that part of the UML and how does it differ from what you did?
There arent much lines of connection that go too far. I believe that makes everything more compact and easy to follow when you dont have to follow a line have way across the image to see where it lands. Which is something i believe is an issue with my UML diagram.
#### 12. Try to recall your sense of your first attempt to engage the base code, and think of how it is even more complex now. Keeping that in mind, what do you think was the most successful part of the author's writing (in doxygen and UML) with respect to helping a programmer get acclimated to the code? What do you think could be very helpful but needs some rework?
I believe the other has very well described class descriptions in their classes list. If i first felt very overwhelmed with how many files i had to engage with and read through these simple class descriptions. I believe it would have set me at ease a little bit as a programmer and would show me which classes i should engage in first. The mainpage is also helpful in getting the full objective but
the structure of the paragraphs needs some rearranging.
